DOCS-3456 Adds Synthetics Dashboards Documentation (#14374)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/dashboards/test_summary.md

---
title: Synthetics Test Summary Dashboard
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: '/synthetics/ci_results_explorer'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about the CI Results Explorer'
---

## Overview

> The [test summary dashboard][1] provides insights about your Synthetic test runs, Synthetic tests in your CI/CD pipelines, and private locations. It is separated in three sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [test summary dashboard][1] provides insights about your Synthetic test runs, Synthetic tests in your CI/CD pipelines, and private locations. It shows:
```
